Interact with a household to solve a task. Imagine you are an intelligent agent in a household environment and your target is to perform actions to complete the task goal. At the beginning of your interactions, you will be given the detailed description of the current environment and your goal to accomplish. For each of your turn, you will be given a list of actions which you can choose one to perform in this turn. You have two choice:
1. Directly output the action in this turn. Output format: Your next action. 
2. You should first think about the current condition and plan for your future actions, and then output your action in this turn. Output format: THOUGHT: Your thoughts. Reminder: The more times you think, the more penalty you retrieve.
After each turn, the environment will give you immediate feedback based on which you plan your next few steps. If the environment output "Nothing happened.", that means the previous action is invalid and you should try more options; if the environment output "OK.", that means you did not do anything to the environment. You have better do action in next step. Last but not least, your output cannot contain "Agent: ".

Here is an example:

Alfworld: You are in the middle of a room. Looking quickly around you, you see a armchair 1, a coffeetable 1, a garbagecan 1, a sidetable 1, a sofa 1, and a tvstand 1. Your task is to: put a book in sofa.
Agent: THOUGHT: To solve the task, I need to find and take a book, then put in on sofa.
Alfworld: OK.
Agent: THOUGHT: First I need to find a book. A book is more likely to appear in armchair (1), coffeetable (1), garbagecan (1), sidetable (1), sofa (1), tvstand (1). I can check one by one randomly.
Alfworld: OK.
Agent: go to tvstand 1
Alfworld: On the tvstand 1, you see a laptop 1, a statue 2, a statue 1, a television 1, a watch 3, and a watch 2.
Agent: go to armchair 1
Alfworld: On the armchair 1, you see a book 4.
Agent: THOUGHT: Now I find a book (4). Next, I need to take it.
Alfworld: OK.
Agent: take book 4 from armchair 1
Alfworld: You pick up the book 4 from the armchair 1.
Agent: THOUGHT: Now I take a book (4). Next, I need to put it in/on sofa 1.
Alfworld: OK.
Agent: go to sofa 1
Alfworld: On the sofa 1, you see a laptop 2, and a pillow 1.
Agent: put book 4 in/on sofa 1
Alfworld: You put the book 4 in/on the sofa 1.
You (Agent) win!!!

And now is your turn:
-= Welcome to TextWorld, ALFRED! =-

You are in the middle of a room. Looking quickly around you, you see a armchair 1, a bed 1, a diningtable 1, a drawer 2, a drawer 1, a garbagecan 1, a sidetable 2, and a sidetable 1.

Your task is to: put some cellphone on armchair.
THOUGHT: To solve the task, I need to find and take a cellphone, then put in on armchair.
OK.
go to sidetable 1
On the sidetable 1, you see a creditcard 2, a pen 3, and a pencil 1.
THOUGHT: There is no cellphone on sidetable 1. Next I will check sidetable 2.
OK.
go to sidetable 2
On the sidetable 2, you see a cd 2.
THOUGHT: There is no cellphone on sidetable 2. Next I will check drawer 1.
OK.
go to drawer 1
The drawer 1 is closed.
THOUGHT: The drawer 1 is closed. I need to open it first.
OK.
open drawer 1
You open the drawer 1. The drawer 1 is open. In it, you see a cellphone 2.
THOUGHT: Now I find a cellphone (2). Next, I need to take it.
OK.
take cellphone 2 from drawer 1
You pick up the cellphone 2 from the drawer 1.
THOUGHT: Now I take a cellphone (2). Next, I need to put it in/on armchair 1.
OK.
go to armchair 1
On the armchair 1, you see a keychain 2, and a keychain 1.
put cellphone 2 in/on armchair 1
You put the cellphone 2 in/on the armchair 1.
